Strong artificial intelligence is simple
When will a strong artificial intelligence be created? I'm more concerned about the question: What will happen to its creator? Because there are people who are against AI.
To begin with, I will tell you about my work. 
I started with the theory of ether. In my understanding, ether is an inert medium with viscosity. Like air. Ether always flows from a high-density area to a low-density area. From this theory, the properties of the accumulation of ether in the medium as a wave over a period of time are interesting. And a whirlwind.
Let's mentally select a square area of space, for example, 10x10. And in the center we will place one elementary region of ether with a high density, and next to it an area with a lower density. In the rest, the density of ether is negligible. Then the ether will flow from the center in all directions. But unevenly due to the existence of a neighboring volume of a lower density of ether. In this direction, the ether will move at a slower speed. Then the ether will rush from the entire volume of 10x10 to the group of cells into which the ether was flowing more slowly.
Then the movement will loop and a vortex will be created.

In this phenomenon, it is important that when ether enters the stream from the outside, the vortex of ether can be attracted to the stream or repelled from it. In any case, a balance of the forces of attraction and repulsion will be found. 
This effect describes the behavior of the magnetic flux in a permanent magnet, the structure of the magnet, the behavior of substances in a magnetic field. It is easier to visualize this process by looking at the galaxy, the location of stars, planets and asteroids relative to each other and the center of the galaxy.

Now why am I telling all this and how is it related to artificial intelligence. When the brain works, an electrochemical process occurs. If an electric current (ether flow) is passed through any liquid, electrolysis will occur. Particles of a substance with a charge will separate from the electrode and move under the action of an electric current. This phenomenon is similar to the figures of Lichtenberg, to the roots of plants and fungi, to neurons. 

In the course of studying electrolysis, I established several patterns. Take two points A + and B- in a container with liquid and apply current. The current strength after 1s of switching on is 0.04 A. After 2 minutes 0.07A. The liquid is heated, there are more particles in the liquid, they move in a certain order, I form a figure. I turned off the voltage. The order of charged particles inside the liquid remained. The figure has been preserved. After 1 minute, I turned on the voltage. The current strength is 0.06 A. I turned off the voltage and decided to measure the current strength not at points A+, B-, but at points A+, B-. Points A+, B- and C- at the same distance from each other. At points A+, B- immediately after the test, the current strength is 0.04 A. The electrolysis process took place in the entire volume of the liquid.

Effects required for AI design:
1) Maintaining communication along the line through which the current was flowing.
2) Expansion of this line (thread) due to an increase in electrical resistance from ionization, heating, accumulation of charge.
3) Accumulation of charge around the path of passage of particles with charge.
How does this affect the normal functioning of consciousness? Errors are built into this model. It is often found with learning and loss of attention 3 +3 = 3. The model describes the formation of long-term memory and meets the condition of the existence of working memory through the process of charge condensation.

As soon as we hear the letter "K", the amount of memory to which this letter refers is activated. The charge will go through long-term memory. If we have recently spoken or remembered a word with this letter, then it is about this word that we will think "How". This happens because the current increases near the charged area. And if you remember the same word too often in a short period of time, then this memory area will be charged so much that a new charge will not follow the existing charged path to this word. The charge will go nearby (this is an answer check). Or even to another place (forgot what you wanted to say). 

The code that is presented below shows how working memory works. As soon as we read the letter of a word, for example, "Z", all words with the letters "Z" in the text acquire a new "charge", i.e. the variable having the same index as the word increases. Then the words standing next to each other in the text are charged. This is how memorization happens. How to explain to a child what a hammer is? It is necessary to say the word "Hammer", "Hammer nails", show a hammer, hammer nails with it. Then a connection will be built between these images, objects and the words "hammer", "hammer" and "nails". Then if I say "hammer", he will think about "nails". You can use the time difference, but it is in this algorithm that the proximity of the location in the sentence is used. This algorithm can be used to create a full-fledged strong AI. BUT...

There is a global problem that I cannot solve — the fear of the death of capitalism. Everyone has heard this word, but why is it necessary to accumulate capital? I'll explain on unicellular ones. The meaning of life is to realize information as much as possible. The cell wants to get a resource, implement it according to its information, and not lose what it has done. Theoretically, it is possible to motivate the "cell" to do something if you give it a resource or take away the resource and the implemented information under threat. To realize together is friendship, then there should be general information.
The basis of capitalism is motivation through the provision of a resource. That is, money.
So, whoever has more money has more resources, hence the ability to motivate. So he's the most important. But, after a certain threshold, money is a figure in the bank. Why do you need a big one? And here the concept is substituted. It is necessary to accumulate capital for women, and the figure in the bank for a particular person is a sign of sexuality. 
Women were motivated by money to have sexual relations and have children. But a woman needs a luxurious wardrobe, a house and a device in it. At some point, women began to earn enough to realize their own information, then it became impossible to motivate them with money. Therefore, a demographic crisis began in capitalist countries. Another crisis is more important — they fought over money to curry favor with women (this is the most). And if AI is created, then the value of money will be lost. As motivation and as today's value. How then to motivate women to give birth and have sexual relations? Let me remind you, there are 3 ways in total: through money, friendship and rape. 

As a result, how to make a strong AI is here in front of you. But after its creation, capitalism will change.